====    Alignment of the CMS Muon System with the HIP Algorithm    ====
                     ==== The Long Version ====

A little introduction to the HIP algorithm and the geometry of the
muon system

Nominal procedure (default, standard of comparison):

    10 pb^-1 of high pT tracks (from Z's and W's)

    number of hits cuts on tracks, pull cut on hits

    Initial misalignment: the Muon10InvPbScenario with residual layer
    misalignments (to be determined from layer alignment studies)

    chamber-by-chamber (CSC and DT) x, phiy, phiz float?  can we relax
    this, letting y and phix float, too?  Not for DT station 4, of course...

    globalMuon APE scheme: starts large, descends rapidly, converges
    in a few iterations

    standAloneMuon APE scheme: less steep, but relevant

Diagnostics:

    output alignment parameter uncertainties (are they broken?  why
    are they ~4 times too big?): do they scale with residual
    misalignment?

    if not, is there any other way to identify chambers with poor
    convergence?  do they have fewer hits?

Performance issues:

    How does this scale with number of tracks (convert to pb^-1 of W,
    Z, and if possible, a generic muon sample with a cut)

    How much computer time does this take?  (per iteration, and how
    many iterations are necessary?)

Special alignments:

    Quick disk alignment: how much data do we need to do this if the
    chambers and layers are also misaligned?  (With ideal chambers,
    it's very quick! :)

    CSC Layer alignments: what is the nominal procedure, what degrees
    of freedom can we align, and how much data do we need to do it?

    Beam halo alignment of CSC layers--- will we have this by then?

Systematics studies:

    How does the globalMuon strategy depend on tracker alignment?
    (Initial studies suggest that the dependence is *very* weak.  Is
    there anything wrong with my studies?)

    How does resolution depend on the momentum of the input tracks?
    Use J/psis to do an alignment if you have enough; otherwise, just
    compare width of the residuals distributions.

    What happens if we use different sets of fitting parameters?  I
    don't see much difference yet, but I haven't tried dropping "y"
    degrees of freedom.

    How well does alignment fare if we have a miscalibrated detector?

    "Dependence on tracking algorithm"

        Change the distribution of material in track-fitting but not
        in SimHit generation to simulate incorrect material
        description

        Same for magnetic field modeling

            How does alignment differ between positive and negative
            tracks?  Can we cancel the effect by requiring equal
            populations?

        If I'm very adventurous, I may try plugging in different
        tracking algorithms.  I don't know how easy that is.

    Background studies

        Align with realistic backgrounds from CSA07

        What are the optimized track quality cuts?

Conclusion:

    It works very, very, very well.

